airplane_accident;an unfortunate incident that happens unexpectedly and unintentionally, typically resulting in damage or injury, involving an airplane.
bicycle_accident;an unfortunate incident that happens unexpectedly and unintentionally, typically resulting in damage or injury, involving a bicycle.
blocked;place with obstacles that make the movement or the flow difficult or impossible.
burned;having been on fire or having been consumed due to very high temperatures.
bus_accident;an unfortunate incident that happens unexpectedly and unintentionally, typically resulting in damage or injury, involving a bus.
car_accident;an unfortunate incident that happens unexpectedly and unintentionally, typically resulting in damage or injury, involving a car or several cars.
collapsed;structure that has fallen down.
damaged;showing physical harm that reduces value, usefulness, or normal functio', '"structure or place that is demolished or ruined, or is showing physical harm that reduces value, usefulness, or normal function.
derecho;widespread, long-lived, straight-line wind storm that is associated with a land-based, fast moving group of severe thunderstorms.
dirty_contamined;with garbage, unclean, or toxic.
drought;period of below-average precipitation in a given region, resulting in prolonged shortages in the water supply, whether atmospheric, surface or ground water.
dust_devil;a strong, well-formed, and relatively long-lived whirlwind, ranging from small (half a meter wide and a few meters tall) to large (more than 10 meters wide and more than 1000 meters tall).
dust_sand_storm;dust storms arise when a gust front or other strong wind blows loose sand and dirt from a dry surface.
earthquake;shaking of the surface of the Earth, resulting from the sudden release of energy in the Earth's lithosphere that creates seismis waves.
fire_whirl;whirlwind induced by a fire and often made up of flame or ash.
flooded;place that is covered or submerged with water, usualy because of a heavy rainfall or tropical cyclone.
fog;places with visible cloud water droplets or ice crystals suspended in the air at or near the Earth's surface.
hailstorm;type of storm where the form of precipitation is solid (hails) which consist of balls or irregular lumps of ice, each of which is called a hailstone.
heavy_rainfall;places where a lot of rain is falling, making the visibility difficult.
ice_storm;type of storm characterized by freezing rain, which results in accumulation of at least 0.25-inch of ice on exposed surfaces.
landslide;a form of mass wasting that occurs when masses of rock, earth, or debris move down a slope.
motorcycle_accident;an unfortunate incident that happens unexpectedly and unintentionally, typically resulting in damage or injury, involving a motorcycle.
mudslide_mudflow;a form of mass wasting involving very rapid surging flow of debris that has become partially or fully liquified by the addition of significant amounts of water to the source material.
nuclear_explosion;an explosion that occurs as a result of the rapid release of energy from a high-speed nuclear reaction. Atmospheric nuclear explosions are associated with mushroom clouds.
oil_spill;release of a liquid petroleum hydrocarbon into the environment, especially the marine ecosystem, due to human activity. It is a form of pollution.
on_fire;object, place or structure being on flames.
rockslide_rockfall;type of landslide where solid rocks are transported down slope instead of loose dirt or sediment as in landslide. A rockfall, on the other hand, refers to quantities of rock falling freely from a cliff face.
ship_boat_accident;an unfortunate incident that happens unexpectedly and unintentionally, typically resulting in damage or injury, involving a ship or a boat.
sinkhole;a depression or hole in the ground caused by some form of collapse of the surface layer.
snow_covered;places where large amounts of fallen snow or places where a lot of snow is falling.
snowslide_avalanche;a rapid flow of snow down a sloping surface.
storm_surge;an abnormal rise of water generated by a storm over and above the predicted astronomical tide.
thunderstorm;type of storm characterized by the presence of lightning and its acoustic effect on the Earth's athmosphere, known as thunder.
tornado;rapidly rotating column of air that is in contact with the surface of the Earth and the base of the clouds.
traffic_jam;a line (or several lines) of stationary or very slow-moving traffic, caused by roadworks, an accident, or heavy congestion.
train_accident;an unfortunate incident that happens unexpectedly and unintentionally, typically resulting in damage or injury, involving a train.
tropical_cyclone;rapidly rotating storm system characterized by strong winds, thunderstorms that produce heavy rain, high waves (due to winds), storm surges (due to severe pressure changes) and the potential spawning of tornadoes.
truck_accident;an unfortunate incident that happens unexpectedly and unintentionally, typically resulting in damage or injury, involving a truck.
under_construction;in the process of being built or rebuild.
van_accident;an unfortunate incident that happens unexpectedly and unintentionally, typically resulting in damage or injury, involving a van.
volcanic_eruption;natural event that happens when lava and gas are discharged from a volcanic vent.
wildfire;fire in an area of combustible vegetation that occurs in the countryside or rural area.
with_smoke;with a visible suspension of carbon or other particles in air usually as a result of a fire or some type of combustion.
